Update README.md (#19)
sendbird/chat-ai-widget: README.md

## Run locally
```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

>  - If you want to change `applicationId` and `botId` when running in local, fix `.env`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If you want to change `applicationId` and `botId` when running in local, modify the below two variables in `.env`
```
How about this ? 😄

Author: LGTM!
